So let's go ahead to the main C Ss and actually start styling.
So as you can see or here we have the end of Boughner and now what we would want is the about section.
So we're going to say or hear about section on here.
Copy and paste this line on here and then we're going to say and of about section and what kind of rules
we would want.
Or.
Well the first thing that we actually would want or hear is we would actually want to create one more
variable.
So I'm going to go all the way where I have my very most.
And as you can see or here I have this section right now I'm actually going to create one more we're
going to see a section what I'm going to say on here section right now I'm going to use the same color
on here as this light.
However in this case if you want to change the colors for the section they are actually separate.
And if you want to change the colors you're actually working with fonts.
They are also separate.
So let's just first create this fact.
And once we have created the variable that's right away use it.
So I'm going to say on here we would want to target about section or here would want a panning to RPMs
for the.
I know you're going to say zero and I can see that we created a padding of top bottom.
Now let's create a little bit more space on here and next.
What I would want is actually have the background for the About section.
So the background again we're going to say the same thing.
Var key word here.
And then we would want section and section white on this.
So once we save it now we have our background as a section white.
Now after that what I would want is actually work with about Center.
So this was the center of all this because every year has about more here and center.
So this is going to be to underscore center note here what I would want is a max with some to say that
it never gets bigger than 90.
Are you with us over here.
And also what I would want is I would want to place it in a center.
So once I save it I would want to place it in the center or here I'm going to save some of the same
margin to R.E.M. start bottom.
So this is going to be the margin for the bottom line here we're going to say Oh.
So this is going to make sure that we have the margin on top bottom.
But the fact that we're also always in the center now after that let's actually fix the photo.
So let's say we're here and we would want is about I am g here and I'm going to say 4.
So 2 underscores for all here for the photo first we would want a display block or here and then we
would want a with or here of 100 percent.
So in this case what happens now I can see that our image actually fits perfectly.
Mike Not like before where actually it was stretching and actually making a scroll.
And also let's do right away a height of 100 percent like this.
And the last one we're going to say is going to be position route.
So we're going to save here position and we're going to do it.
So once we have about photo let's actually come back a little bit and let's say about actual image.
So this is going to be the parent and then we would want for this about image.
Also some margins and some positioning.
So we're going to see or hear about G.
And here we're going to see margin 3 RPMs and 0.
So top bottom on here for this Dave is going to be free all Reems and then we're going to want a position
relative like this.
So this is what we're going to do here for the parent content.
Now the last thing that I would want here is to work more here.
You see that we have this dark underline on here so we can see that there's going to be a dark day of
there's going to be placed somewhere around the edge.
So how do we do this.
Well here we're going to go and we're going to create a new rule so we're going to say about we're here
I am g.
So the parent container for the image and then on going right before.
So now once we have this rule then we're here we're going to say content and we're going to say that
this is just going to be an empty card and then we would want is a background and for this we're going
to say this is going to be var and then we're going to use the green one.
So he'll say that this is going to be in great one.
So once I say that nothing is actually shot now let's do a width of 100 percent then let's do a height
so of 100 percent like this.
And then we would want is a position an absolute rule like this.
So we're going to have a position of and we still cannot see it.
Now let's do a bottom here bottom and bottom is going to be negative 10 pixels or here.
So I can see that it's popping over here from the bottom and then all we want is a left here of negative
10 pixels also.
So now you can see that we're making this effect here.
Now obviously we can place whatever we want on here.
Let's say we could place an image or whatever we would want but important thing to remember is that
if we're using this before then we're setting it is absolute.
So whatever we do in a place it's all about image we need to make sure that this is going to be rolled.
So that's going to be the most important thing.
Now we are done with an about image.
Let's start working with an about in full.
So again let's do the same thing.
Let's just create more room here and let's say that we would want about info and what we would want
about it.
And then we would want to margin three RPMs and zero.
And the reason why we're actually selecting this is because we want to have more margins in between.
So basically we will want to make sure that in the small screen they're not bumping into each other.
So we're here to consider if we have or hear about info and or hear about image to make sure that they
are actually stacked on top of each other.
However there's still some space in between.
So once we have selected class about inform what to do about an info and for how about info title.
So first let's do a trial.
And what we would want for the title.
Well first words do any font size three rpms.
And this is going to be bigger text than we're going to have a text transform.
And for a text form we're going to capitalize and let's do also a letter spacing 0.5 RPM.
And last but not least let's actually set a background so that the background will just say I really
like this background then we're going to have a U R L and R here are going to we're going to go to the
Heminges.
So quotation marks that we're going to find images and then we will want is a tidal mangrove Rigi or
here.
So I'm going to save this.
And you can see that now it's spanning all across.
The only thing we need to write is here no.
So now this image is going to be only here in the.
And once we're done with it.
And it's actually work with this text here.
So this is going to be the next one.
So about here in info and we're all going to say text.
And what we would want for the text.
Well first let's make it a color.
And again let's use voire and let's use gray or grey variable is going to be for a text.
Now once we have the text gray let's do a line height for the line height.
We're going to say one point five or here.
So the line is going to be bigger font size is going to be 1.2 RPMs here.
And also you'd want a margin and for the margin again we would want the same thing for your IEMs and
0.
So this is going to make sure we have a bigger margin for it.
And then let's actually style the length.
So here again let's create more space here.
And let's actually styled it.
Now for the link.
Remember we had a class of about 1 here in fall and then we had a single link here.
And this was our class.
So what we would want first of all we would want display an inline block.
So this is going to be our first rule because what we would want is we would want to actually apply
the margins and paddings and this is going to be better way.
So text decoration.
We're going to say not.
So we're going to get rid of this annoying the line then we're going to do a panning.
The bottom is going to be 1.5 RPMs and you know what.
No actually it's going to be for RPMs and this is going to be one area two left and right is going to
be one of the lead we would want is a font size or here one size.
And what do fun size 1 point 1.5 are Ahab's.
Now once we have the fun size let's do letters spacing 0.2 Reems and after the letter spacing again
text transform capitalize and border.
Let's do a border and this is going to be dark.
So I'm going to say over here and this is going to be three pixels solid and let's do one here and again
and we're going to use this variable.
So I'm going to say here and this is going to be dark.
Now we can see that we have this dark border.
And then after that we would want is a transition because what I would want is as you can see as I'm
hovering over the change is happening over time as you can see that we can always make the hover effect.
However the hover effect doesn't happen over time.
So what we want to do is we would want is a transition no different transition we have couple of things.
First of all what kind of transition.
Well we're going to say we're here all because we would want all transitions to be affected by this.
Then this is going to be the time how long it's going to take.
No this is going to be linear.
So this is going to be how this transition is taking effect whether it's happening linearly and there's
going to be an option say ease in and out or ease in and we're just going to pick a winner.
So basically once this is going to start working it's going to all the way to the end without changing.
And over here we're going to say margin and we're going to do a margin right in the margin rate is going
to be 1 rpms.
So I'm going to say one on TMZ or here like this.
So this is going to be our margin right now.
Also remember we had this dark button here and the lighting button number these guys.
So now we're going to style the actual colors.
So I'm going to go back over here and we're going to say that for these dark between we would want first
a background and the background is going to be dark.
So we're going to see dark.
And once we say it you can see the dark background here and the colors is going to be white.
So I'm going to say here we are and this is going to be light.
So we say that the color is dark but the color is actually white and also do right away a effect.
So dark DTN cover.
So as we're hovering over this what should happen.
Well first let's say this is going to be a background and the background is going to be the other way.
So we're going to have a ground is going to be light so light or hearing this and the actual color is
going to be dark.
So basically it's opposite are here this is going to be dark or like this.
So what happens as I'm hovering You can see that the change is happening over time.
Now if I'm going to go back over here and if I'm just going to come on the sound and say you can see
that it's going to happen right away.
And this is not what you would want because with this transition we could actually manipulate how long
we would want.
So let's say here I can write 10 seconds if I would want in this case I'm going to write one but you
just understand that this gives you way more options.
Now once we have the door button we also need a light button.
So in the same way we're here we're going to say that this is going to be light between light between.
And for this guy we're actually going to be working the other way around.
So first of all going to say that the caller is going to be dark.
So for the caller was going to say that we would want dark Savar and dark or dark.
So this is going to be a dark color for this light button and then once we're hovering then we basically
will want the opposite way we would want the background to be dark and the actual color to be white
symmetrical or something like this.
So all we can do or here we can just copy and paste this and we're going to save for the light be diyan
However again as we're hovering we would want these rules.
So if all going to go back or here you can see that as I'm hovering now concede that it's changing from
light and dark and so here this is changing from dark to white and the last thing that we would want
is actually applied meteors because for now if we're going to go over here to our recording and fog
and our fresh air here you can see that this is how they are going to be displaying doesn't matter of
the screen size or here.
And this is not what we would want at a certain screen size.
We would actually would want to use a flex box and actually place them side by side or here like this.
So you can see once here make it big enough for my screen you can see they're actually going to be side
by side.
So let's go back over here and let's say this is going to be an all out media screen and for this we're
going to say and no one here would want a man with superhero going to see men with.
And what would be this man with all these men with what we would want is going to be nine and two pixels.
So this is where the change is actually going to happen.
Now we're here what we would want or I would want first about Center.
So if you remember here this was a class about CENTERA class which is actually a parent.
It is a parent for the article about image and also the parent for about infant.
So both of these actual work.
So we're going to go back over here to the main thesis and we're going to say about Center here.
And we would want to display flex here.
This is going to be the first one.
And also we would want to have justified content and we're going to say space between and this is going
to make sure that since we're going to be applying our own paddings in between this is going to make
sure that they're always as far away from each other as possible.
Here we can have a space between.
And once we have the above center then we would want to work with children and for the children is actually
going to be very easy to say about here and this is going to be the end for this is going to be the
first article child and on here who'd want a about an image.
So this is going to be the second fluxbox show where you are and what we would want for both of them.
Well first we would want is a flex and the flex is going to be like this.
They're not going to grow.
So the growth is going to be zero.
They're not going to shrink shrink it's going to be zero.
And here we're going to write Coke.
So we're going to be calculating.
So we're making use of this called function.
Or here we can write the values.
So here I'm going to say 50 percent.
So I would want them to be 50 percent.
However I'm going to actually subtract one rpm and this one rpm is actually going to be spacing between.
So there are going to be 50 percent.
How are you going to make sure that there is some distance in between or here that's why we're using
the space between.
Because this is going to make sure that they're actually placed as far away from each other.
Now why are you working with cogged just be careful to actually have spaces in between the subtraction
side.
Otherwise you're not going to have it the success is not going to render properly.
So let's say we're going to save this and that's got to put forward a record.
And let's check it out here.
So this is what we have over here.
The last thing that I would want is depending on a marriage there's going to be cases where you would
want.
Actually this text you go lower.
So how are you going to do this.
Well remember whenever you've been working in the exchange hymnal we had this rapper we had this about
in info container that we had over here.
Now we also had a parent of about four.
So the reason for placing everything in this wrapper was that I can use fluxbox properties again for
about four.
And what we need to remember that for is about Inform.
There's only one child in this one about in full container.
So if I'm going to go back over here and if I'm going to say that out 140 about info about info and
what I would want for it first I'm going to say this play.
And we're going to do flex more here like this.
And once we actually have this play flex here we're going to say a line in EMS and we're going to just
flex.
And so basically if the image is actually going to be way bigger which is in our case it's not the case
where we're going to do is we're going to make sure that you can see that right now my about is sitting
over here.
So if I'm going to go back all here and if I'm actually going to come on this out.
So let's say that this is not going to exist.
Let's see actually how this is going to look like.
So once I refresh you can see that my text is on top but if I'm using this about info like this you
can see that it is displaying flex.
But since it has only one child it just basically moves this or this container all the way to the bottom
with all the text inside already.
So we're all going to say we're here is we're going to go back to main sources say.
And once we refresh.
Sure enough you can see or hear that.
Now my text is actually in the bottom.